Error Handling :
    Error : It is a mistake in the program which will not allow the application
    to execute.

    Errros are of two types :

    1.Compilation Error : The errors which can occur at compilation time is called 
      Compilation Error. Examples:
      Syntax Error  missing :
          IndentationError
          Solution : Provide Proper syntax.
    2.Run time Error :
        The errors which can occur during the exection of the application are called runtime
        errors. 
        Runtime Errors are also called Exceptions.

        Exceptions are predefined classes.
        ValueError
    Exception Handlidling :
            In order to avoid abnormal termiation of the appilcation, we use exeception 
            handling.
            In Exception hanlding we use try,except,and inally.y 

        try : It is a block, in which we write risky(the code in which we expect an excpetion) code.
        try block tries execute the code . If it is not , It raises the exectpion object internlly.
        try block can't be writeen ideally. try blok must be followed with except or finally bolck
        excpt: it is a block which can catch the exeptions object which are rasied in the try block
        interally.

        except block is of two types 
        1. common   excpet   block
                It is block which can catch all exception objects is called common except block.
                this block can be with Exception or with out Exception class.

        2. Invlidual excpet block.
                It is an except block which can catch Particular exception object

       3. rasie : It is statmenet which used to raises th known excpetion object externlly

       4. finally: It is a blok which is used to generate common message to the end user.

Custom Exceptions : The exceptions which are created by the user called CustomExceptions.

Step to Create Exception:
        Create class.
        Inherit Exception class
        Create constructor.
consuming the Custom Exception

super() : It is a methods which can be used access parent properites and methods as well
in order to send the data to the parent class constructor we super method

